
=== PAGE 1 ===
Frontiers in Medicine 01 frontiersin.org
Research on a traditional Chinese 
medicine case-based 
question-answering system 
integrating large language 
models and knowledge graphs
Yuchen Duan 1, Qingqing Zhou 1, Yu Li 1, Chi Qin 1, Ziyang Wang 1, 
Hongxing Kan 1,2 and Jili Hu 1,2*
1 School of Medical Information Engineering, Anhui University of Chinese Medicine, Hefei, China, 
2 Center for Xin’an Medicine and Modernization of Traditional Chinese Medicine of IHM, Anhui 
University of Chinese Medicine, Hefei, China
Introduction: Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) case records encapsulate 
vast clinical experiences and theoretical insights, holding significant research 
and practical value. However, traditional case studies face challenges such as 
large data volumes, complex information, and difficulties in efficient retrieval 
and analysis. This study aimed to address these issues by leveraging modern 
data techniques to improve access and analysis of TCM case records.
Methods: A total of 679 case records from Wang Zhongqi, a renowned physician 
of Xin’an Medicine, a branch of TCM, covering 41 diseases, were selected. The 
study involved four stages: pattern layer construction, knowledge extraction, 
integration, and data storage and visualization. A large language model (LLM) 
was employed to automatically extract key entities, including symptoms, 
pathogenesis, treatment principles, and prescriptions. These were structured 
into a TCM case knowledge graph.
Results: The LLM successfully identified and extracted relevant entities, which 
were then organized into relational triples. A TCM case query system based on 
natural language input was developed. The system’s performance, evaluated 
using the RAGAS framework, achieved high scores: 0.9375  in faithfulness, 
0.9686 in answer relevancy, and 0.9500 in context recall; In human evaluations, 
the levels of safety and usability are significantly higher than those of LLMs 
without using RAG.
Discussion: The results demonstrate that integrating LLMs with a knowledge 
graph significantly enhances the efficiency and accuracy of retrieving TCM 
case information. This approach could play a crucial role in modernizing TCM 
research and improving access to clinical insights. Future research may explore 
expanding the dataset and refining the query system for broader applications.
KEYWORDS
large language model, knowledge graph, traditional Chinese medicine, question 
answering system, interdisciplinary research
OPEN ACCESS
EDITED BY
Michael Heinrich,  
University College London, United Kingdom
REVIEWED BY
Silke Cameron,  
University Medical Center Göttingen, 
Germany
Ziming Yin,  
University of Shanghai for Science and 
Technology, China
*CORRESPONDENCE
Jili Hu  
 hujili@ahtcm.edu.cn
RECEIVED 16 October 2024
ACCEPTED 20 December 2024
PUBLISHED 07 January 2025
CITATION
Duan Y, Zhou Q, Li Y, Qin C, Wang Z, 
Kan H and Hu J (2025) Research on a 
traditional Chinese medicine case-based 
question-answering system integrating large 
language models and knowledge graphs.
Front. Med. 11:1512329.
doi: 10.3389/fmed.2024.1512329
COPYRIGHT
© 2025 Duan, Zhou, Li, Qin, Wang, Kan and 
Hu. This is an open-access article distributed 
under the terms of the Creative Commons 
Attribution License (CC BY). The use, 
distribution or reproduction in other forums is 
permitted, provided the original author(s) and 
the copyright owner(s) are credited and that 
the original publication in this journal is cited, 
in accordance with accepted academic 
practice. No use, distribution or reproduction 
is permitted which does not comply with 
these terms.
TYPE Original Research
PUBLISHED 07 January 2025
DOI 10.3389/fmed.2024.1512329

=== PAGE 2 ===
Duan et al. 10.3389/fmed.2024.1512329
Frontiers in Medicine 02 frontiersin.org
1 Introduction
Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) has evolved over thousands 
of years and represents a distinctive healthcare system that focuses on 
holistic approaches, prioritizing the balance between body, mind, and 
spirit. TCM is rooted in ancient philosophies, particularly the concepts 
of Yin and Y ang, as well as the Five Elements theory, which informs 
its diagnostic and therapeutic approaches. TCM case records, serving 
as important carriers of TCM knowledge, experience, and wisdom, 
encompass abundant theoretical knowledge and clinical treatment 
experiences. These records are crucial for guiding clinical diagnosis 
and treatment, uncovering therapeutic insights, and advancing the 
development of TCM ( 1). However, since TCM case records are 
frequently documented in classical Chinese, their content is often 
complex and unstructured.
Traditionally, research on TCM case records has depended on 
manual reading and analysis to extract and summarize diagnostic 
and therapeutic patterns. This approach is time-consuming, labor-
intensive, and fails to comprehensively mine the valuable information 
contained in the case records. Consequently, the effective extraction 
and widespread application of TCM case knowledge have been 
significantly limited. Consequently, utilizing contemporary 
technological approaches to automate the extraction and application 
of TCM case records has emerged as a primary focus in 
TCM research.
The rapid advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AI), particularly 
with the emergence of large language models (LLMs), has created new 
opportunities for the comprehensive mining and structuring of TCM 
case knowledge. LLMs, such as GPT ( 2) (Generative Pre-trained 
Transformer), are advanced AI systems trained on a vast amount of 
text data, enabling them to process and generate human-like language. 
These models can extract patterns, standardize terminologies, and 
analyze unstructured data, making them essential tools for exploring 
TCM case records and facilitating knowledge integration.
Knowledge Graphs (KGs) are structured semantic databases that 
organize concepts and demonstrate their interconnections through 
entities and relationships in a networked form ( 3). Given the 
hierarchical richness and complexity inherent in TCM case records, 
knowledge graphs are particularly well-suited for effectively 
representing such information.
A question-answering (QA) system refers to a computer 
program that identifies relevant answers from pre-stored data or 
information based on user queries and presents them to the user. In 
contemporary question-answering systems, prevalent approach is 
standard vector-based RAG ( 4). Standard vector-based RAG relies 
on retrieving vectors from the source database and generating 
responses. Its advantage lies in providing rapid responses by 
leveraging existing data. However, it may be  inadequate when 
addressing complex problems due to its lack of reasoning 
capabilities. In contrast, the combination of LLMs and knowledge 
graphs offers enhanced flexibility and accuracy when addressing 
complex and ambiguous problems. Language models provide 
robust natural language processing capabilities, while knowledge 
graphs contribute rich semantic information and relational 
reasoning capabilities. This combination not only generates 
coherent and fluent responses but also facilitates deeper 
understanding and reasoning in the face of uncertainty. Moreover, 
due to its structured knowledge management and reasoning 
capabilities, this approach can provide accurate responses with 
minimal data, offering advantages in resource utilization 
and efficiency.
This research aims to explore the role of LLMs in constructing a 
TCM case knowledge graph and in developing a TCM case-based 
question-answering system that incorporates LLMs with the 
knowledge graph. Specifically, in this study, we integrated LLMs with 
knowledge graphs, enabling the system to understand and process 
medical queries from users and provide answers grounded in 
traditional Chinese medical cases. The process includes the automated 
identification and extraction of key entities, including symptoms, 
pathogenesis, treatment principles, and medications, from TCM case 
records through the use of LLMs. The development of the TCM case 
knowledge graph involves four steps: schema layer construction, 
knowledge extraction, knowledge fusion, and data storage and 
visualization. Based on the constructed knowledge graph, we integrate 
LLMs to develop a QA system for TCM case records. This system 
enables natural language-based querying of the knowledge graph, 
providing an effective and practical method for mining and utilizing 
TCM case knowledge in the realm of TCM research.
2 Related work
2.1 Research on traditional Chinese 
medicine case records based on 
knowledge graphs
Several researchers have employed knowledge graphs to 
investigate TCM case records. Chen et al. (5) developed a knowledge 
graph using 120 ancient stroke case records as a data source, achieving 
“graph-number mutual verification” through semantic data analysis 
and visualization of the graph. Wang et al. (6) developed a knowledge 
graph that encapsulates the clinical practices of esteemed TCM 
practitioners in managing coronary heart disease. This graph facilitates 
visualization and querying of their diagnostic and therapeutic 
methods. Y ang et al. (7) developed a knowledge graph from TCM 
clinical data, such as electronic medical records. They introduced a 
syndrome prediction model (DSDS) based on this knowledge graph, 
which supports decision-making in syndrome diagnosis. Zhang et al. 
(8) employed a Naive Bayesian Network and TF-IDF to achieve 
two-hop path inference within the knowledge graph, thereby 
providing decision support for TCM clinical practice. Zhao et al. (9) 
have developed an extensive knowledge graph for diagnosing and 
treating diabetic kidney disease in the context of TCM. This graph 
integrates clinical guidelines and real-world data, addressing key 
clinical challenges and promoting more effective knowledge sharing. 
These researchers have consistently adopted the knowledge graph 
approach for the structured processing and visualization of TCM case 
records, enabling a deeper understanding and analysis of TCM case 
knowledge. Nonetheless, current research remains constrained in its 
exploration of knowledge graph applications. Specifically, it has not 
yet enabled natural language querying of knowledge graphs, implying 
that direct interaction with the graph using natural language remains 
unfeasible. Conversely, interaction with the knowledge graph 
necessitates a certain degree of technical expertise and professional 
skills, which limits the broader dissemination and application of TCM 
case knowledge graphs.

=== PAGE 3 ===
Duan et al. 10.3389/fmed.2024.1512329
Frontiers in Medicine 03 frontiersin.org
2.2 Research on traditional Chinese 
medicine case records based on large 
language models
The robust natural language understanding and generation 
capabilities of LLMs have unlocked new possibilities for research and 
applications across various fields. In the domain of TCM case record 
studies, LLMs represent a novel and promising tool that may facilitate 
breakthroughs in the modernization and intelligent development of 
traditional medicine (10, 11). Li et al. (12) investigated the automated 
extraction of named entities from case records based on LLMs, 
creating a tool for structuring medical case texts. Y ang et  al. ( 13) 
examined and described the challenges encountered in TCM 
intelligent diagnosis and treatment. They proposed a research 
methodology that utilizes LLMs, encompassing corpus preparation, 
knowledge representation, instruction fine-tuning, and reinforcement 
learning. Zhang et al. (14) investigated techniques for utilizing LLMs 
in the development of TCM knowledge graphs, thereby improving the 
representation, storage, and utilization of TCM knowledge. Wang 
et al. ( 15) employed medical knowledge graphs and literature to fine-
tune the base model, resulting in ShenNong-TCM, which enhanced 
the model’s question-answering capabilities in the medical field. Kang 
et al. ( 16) created a multi-scenario instruction dataset based on TCM 
gynecology prescription data, resulting in CMLM-ZhongJing, which 
augmented the model’s reasoning abilities in TCM prescription data 
and diagnostic logic. Zhang et al. (17) integrated TCM textbooks and 
other corpora into the Ziya-LLaMA-13B-V1 model, performing 
pre-training and instruction fine-tuning on ancient TCM texts to 
create HuangDi, which provided the model with the ability to answer 
questions on ancient TCM knowledge. These studies illustrate the 
significant potential of LLMs in TCM case record research. However, 
several challenges and concerns still emerge in practical applications. 
First, the challenge of hallucination (18), wherein the model generates 
inaccurate or unreliable outputs. Second, the absence of natural 
language dialogue-based querying for TCM knowledge graphs. 
Therefore, optimizing LLMs to ensure the accuracy of output results 
and developing more sophisticated dialogue systems to enhance the 
application of TCM knowledge graphs are crucial directions for 
improving the effectiveness of these applications.
2.3 Research combining knowledge graphs 
and large language models
The integration of LLMs with KGs has been shown to be  an 
effective strategy for reducing hallucinations in LLMs. Guan et al. (19) 
introduced the KGR algorithm, allowing LLMs to extract, verify, and 
refine factual statements by utilizing the knowledge stored in KGs. 
This method directly addresses the hallucination issue in LLMs. Sun 
et al. ( 20) proposed the ToG method, establishing a new paradigm for 
LLM-KG integration referred to as “LLM ⊗ KG. ” In this approach, 
LLMs act as agents exploring relevant entities and relationships within 
the KG, performing reasoning based on the retrieved knowledge, 
thereby enhancing knowledge traceability and modifiability in LLMs. 
Y ang et  al. (21) developed a KG-enhanced large language model 
(KGLLM), providing a solution to improve LLMs’ factual reasoning 
capabilities. Carlos et al. (22) successfully demonstrated interpretable 
reasoning by combining KGs and LLMs. Zhang et al. (23) designed a 
question-answering system grounded in LLMs and KGs, utilizing 
TCM prescriptions as an example, which facilitates information 
filtering, professional question-answering, and the capabilities of 
extraction and transformation. These studies indicate that KGs, as a 
structured form of knowledge representation, can provide models 
with enhanced and more accurate contextual information. By 
combining LLMs with KGs, models can access comprehensive and 
precise knowledge input, thereby reducing biases and inaccuracies in 
the generative process. Therefore, the integration of LLMs with KGs 
holds promise for mitigating hallucinations in LLMs and provides 
more reliable and effective support for TCM case study research. 
Although these studies demonstrate the potential of combining LLMs 
and KGs, the exploration of their in-depth applications in the 
specialized domain of TCM case studies remains limited. To address 
this gap, this study proposes a method for constructing a TCM case 
knowledge graph aided by LLMs and develops a question-answering 
system for TCM case studies by integrating LLMs and KGs, specifically 
focusing on their application within the TCM case study domain.
3 Materials and methods
3.1 Overview of the QA system framework
The overall structure of the TCM case question-answering system, 
which incorporates LLMs along with knowledge graphs, is illustrated 
in Figure  1 . This system structure primarily comprises two key 
components: knowledge graph construction and question-answering 
system development. In the knowledge graph construction phase, this 
study utilizes a hybrid approach of LLMs and manual verification to 
develop the TCM case knowledge graph. Based on the constructed 
knowledge graph, a TCM case question-answering system is 
subsequently developed. In the question-answering system 
development phase, the fusion of LLMs and knowledge graphs 
exploits the natural language processing capabilities of the LLMs to 
interpret user inquiries. By querying the knowledge graph, relevant 
information related to the user’s inquiries is extracted. Finally, the 
acquired knowledge is synthesized and articulated, and presented to 
the user in a natural language format, thereby enhancing the 
facilitation of natural language queries within the TCM case 
knowledge graph.
3.2 Methods for knowledge graph 
construction
During the process of constructing a knowledge graph, a 
structured method is applied systematically (24). This methodology 
comprises four steps: schema layer construction, knowledge 
extraction, knowledge fusion, and data storage and visualization. 
Knowledge extraction entails recognizing named entities and their 
relationships. Figure  2  depicts the process for constructing the 
knowledge graph via a flowchart.
3.2.1 Data sources
The main data source for constructing the knowledge graph is 
the Medical Cases of Wang Zhongqi  ( 25). This book records the 
clinical cases of Wang Zhongqi, a renowned modern Chinese 

=== PAGE 4 ===
Duan et al. 10.3389/fmed.2024.1512329
Frontiers in Medicine 04 frontiersin.org
physician, from 1923 to 1935. Assembled and carefully selected by 
his students over a period exceeding two decades, the book distills 
the essence of the original medical cases, thoroughly demonstrating 
Wang Zhongqi’s medical expertise. Issued by a reputable publishing 
house, the book exhibits a high degree of accuracy and authority. 
We  inputted and processed the data from the manuscript and 
compiled it into an Excel spreadsheet, obtaining a total of 1,573 
medical cases. To ensure the precision of the knowledge graph, our 
study only included medical cases that explicitly contained all entity 
information, such as disease names, symptoms, pathogenesis, 
treatment principles, and medications. Medical cases missing any 
entity information were excluded from the dataset. Following 
screening, a total of 679 cases were included, encompassing 41 
distinct diseases. The distribution of diseases within the medical 
cases is illustrated in Table 1 .
3.2.2 Schema layer construction
The development of the schema layer (26) entails the definition of 
the information structure and data model within the knowledge graph, 
incorporating the types of entities and the relationships between them.
To ensure the accuracy and coherence of the schema layer 
development, we  first consult the semantic types and semantic 
relationships articulated in the “Health Informatics—Semantic Network 
Framework of Traditional Chinese Medicine Language System” (27) and 
employ a top-down approach to design the schema layer structure. 
Subsequently, in alignment with the specific structural characteristics of 
the Medical Cases of Wang Zhongqi, we utilize a bottom-up approach to 
refine the schema layer structure, thereby enhancing its accuracy in 
reflecting the content of the medical cases.
The entity types in the knowledge graph are delineated in Table 2, 
while the relationship types are illustrated in Table 3.
FIGURE 1
The overall framework of Traditional Chinese Medicine Case Q&A System Combining Big Language Model and Knowledge Graph. By utilizing large 
language models and manual proofreading, the Medical Cases of Wang Zhongqi are organized into a knowledge graph. When a user submits a 
question, the large language model recognizes the query content from the user’s inquiry and conducts a search within the knowledge graph. Relevant 
information pertaining to the user’s question is delivered to the large language model, which then integrates this information to generate a response.
FIGURE 2
Process diagram of knowledge graph construction method. The construction process of the pattern layer is based on the national standards of 
Traditional Chinese Medicine and the specific structure of medical cases, which encompasses the definition of entity types and relationship types. The 
data extraction process involves selecting appropriate medical cases from the Medical Cases of Wang Zhongqi, followed by automated entity 
recognition using a large-scale language model. Subsequently, knowledge fusion is conducted individually for different entity types, resulting in the 
formation of relationship triples. The data storage and visualization process employs Cypher queries to store the data in the Neo4j graph database.

=== PAGE 5 ===
Duan et al. 10.3389/fmed.2024.1512329
Frontiers in Medicine 05 frontiersin.org
TABLE 1 Distribution of diseases included in medical records.
Disease name Frequency Disease name Frequency Disease name Frequency
Abdominal Pain 56 Liver Y ang Rising and 
Liver Wind
15 Flooding and Spotting 9
Seasonal Illness 47 Abdominal Masses and 
Lumps
15 Leucorrhea 9
Diarrhea 38 Lin Syndrome and Turbid 
Urine
15 Nosebleed 9
Hemoptysis 37 Nocturnal Emission and 
Impotence
15 Constipation 8
Damp-Heat Syndrome 36 Various Orifices 15 Postpartum 7
Dysentery 30 Jaundice 14 External Syndrome 7
Irregular Menstruation 28 Vomiting and Diarrhea 14 Deficiency Fatigue 7
Abdominal Distension 24 Vomiting 13 Intestinal Parasites 5
Cough 23 Throat 13 Edema 5
Stroke 23 Nourishing Tonic Pastes, 
Pills, and Powders
13 Phlegm-Fluid Retention 5
Spleen and Stomach 
Disorders
19 Tuberculosis 12 Lung Abscess 3
Atrophy 18 Depressive Disorder 12 Sweating Disorder 2
Asthma 18 Insomnia 11 Diabetes 2
Blood Stasis 16 Malaria Pathogen 11
Total 679
TABLE 2 Entity type.
Entity type Definition
Disease name The name of a pathological process characterized by the conflict between pathogenic factors and the body’s normal defenses, such as dysentery 
and asthma.
Symptom The abnormal state exhibited by the body due to disease, encompassing various anomalous sensations experienced by the patient as well as 
abnormal presentations perceived by the physician’s sensory organs, such as cough and dizziness.
Pathogenesis The study of the mechanisms underlying the development and progression of diseases based on foundational theories of Traditional Chinese 
Medicine (TCM), such as lung qi rebelliousness and liver yang hyperactivity.
Treatment Principle A comprehensive analysis of disease based on holistic concepts and differential diagnosis, utilizing objective data collected through the four 
diagnostic methods to formulate treatment rules tailored to different pathogenesis, such as dispersing wind and relieving the exterior or 
soothing the liver and resolving depression.
Medication Medicines used for disease prevention, treatment, and healthcare, guided by TCM theories and clinical experience, such as Poria (Fu Ling) and 
Astragalus (Huang Qi).
TABLE 3 Relationship type.
Relationship Subject Object Example
Belongs to Symptom Disease Name Hemiplegia—belongs to -> Stroke
Causes Pathogenesis Symptom Stomach Qi Rebellion—causes -> Hiccup
Follows Pathogenesis Treatment Principle Yin Deficiency with Hyperactivity of Fire—
follows -> Nourish Yin and Reduce Fire
Recommends Treatment Principle Medication Dispel Exterior and Ventilate the Lung—
recommends -> Mulberry Leaf
Applies Symptom Treatment Principle Cough—applies -> Dispel Exterior and Ventilate the Lung
Treats Medication Pathogenesis Angelica dahurica (Bai Zhi)—treats -> Defensive Qi 
Deficiency
Treats Medication Symptom Mint (Bo He)—treats -> Head Distention and Pain

=== PAGE 6 ===
Duan et al. 10.3389/fmed.2024.1512329
Frontiers in Medicine 06 frontiersin.org
3.2.3 Knowledge extraction
Knowledge extraction ( 28) is defined as the process of 
transforming raw data into standardized categories, with the 
primary goal of identifying entities and the relationships among 
them from various data sources. In this study, knowledge extraction 
is comprised of two steps: named entity recognition and 
relationship extraction.
3.2.3.1 Named entity recognition
Named Entity Recognition (NER) is a critical component of 
natural language processing. Its goal is to automatically identify and 
classify entities with specific meanings from text, forming the basis for 
knowledge graph construction. In this study, the classification of 
disease names is based on the chapters of Medical Cases of Wang 
Zhongqi, and the entities targeted for extraction from these medical 
cases include symptoms, pathogenesis, treatment principles, and 
medicinal usage.
This research employs LLMs to automate the named entity 
recognition process, utilizing the GLM-3-Turbo API ( 29) in 
conjunction with few-shot learning ( 30) strategies. The goal is to 
overcome the practical constraint of limited annotated data resources 
in the field of TCM, capitalizing on the generalization capabilities of 
LLMs to accurately identify key entity information in medical 
case records.
Using symptom entity recognition as an example, the prompt 
design is detailed in Table 4 . The System section includes the task 
description, output format requirements, and specific examples 
utilized for few-shot learning, while the Human section provides the 
input medical case text that requires named entity recognition. To 
ensure the accuracy of NER achieved by the LLM, three typical 
examples were constructed in the few-shot learning section:
A sentence that explicitly provides symptom descriptions. This 
example ensures that the LLM can learn and grasp the main 
characteristics of symptom expressions within their contextual 
environment, enhancing the model’s sensitivity to symptom entities.
A sentence that does not include symptom information. This 
serves as a counterexample, aiding the model in learning the correct 
response mechanism in the absence of target entities, thereby reducing 
the likelihood of incorrect recognition.
A sentence containing modifiers related to symptom alleviation. 
This is intended to strengthen the model’s ability to handle complex 
expressions, enabling accurate identification of symptom entities 
across various descriptive forms and enhancing both 
comprehensiveness and robustness in recognition.
3.2.3.2 Relation extraction
The extraction of entity relations is an essential task in the field 
of information retrieval. It involves the identification and extraction 
of specified relationships between entities from unstructured text, 
which relies on entity recognition. These relationships are typically 
expressed as relational triples 12,,e re , where 1e  and 2e  each 
represent entities, and the connection r between them is defined by 
a predefined set of relationships { }123,,, , iRrr r r … . The goal of 
relation extraction is to obtain these relational triples 12,,e re  from 
natural language text, which helps acquire relevant information 
from the text.
T o reflect the principles of TCM and to reveal the complex 
relationships between entities such as disease names, symptoms, 
medications, pathogenesis, and treatment principles, the extracted 
entities need to be efficiently combined according to the relationship 
types established in the schema construction phase. This will facilitate 
the formation of TCM-specific relational triples. In this study, the 
extracted entities are recorded in an Excel spreadsheet, and the pandas 
library1 is utilized to read and combine the triples.
3.2.4 Knowledge fusion
Knowledge fusion refers to the process of unifying and integrating 
heterogeneous data extracted from various types of knowledge. Due 
to the personalized nature of medical case records, the terminology 
within these records often displays non-standardized characteristics, 
failing to comply with uniform expression guidelines. To ensure the 
standardization of entities, it is necessary to systematically normalize 
the extracted entities, with the goal of eliminating the variations in 
personalized expressions in medical case records and to standardize 
the terminology.
This study adopts a LLM-assisted approach, combined with 
manual proofreading, to unify and normalize the entities extracted 
during the knowledge extraction process, as illustrated in Figure 3 .
For symptom entities, given the diversity and complexity of 
symptom descriptions, the LLM is initially used to perform a 
preliminary professional processing of the symptom entities. This 
aims to capture and standardize the core symptoms expressed in 
multiple forms. Subsequently, manual review and proofreading are 
conducted to ensure the consistency and accuracy of the symptom 
terminology. Our approach to manual proofreading includes 
inviting two researchers with backgrounds in traditional Chinese 
medicine to independently review the extracted entities. To enhance 
accuracy, we  employ a cross-proofreading method, where each 
researcher’s corrections are cross-verified by the other. This 
collaborative process ensures high standards of precision and 
consistency in the terminology used. The manual proofreading 
process follows the guidelines from the Normative Terminology for 
Common Symptoms in Traditional Chinese Medicine and Diagnostics 
of Traditional Chinese Medicine, striving for simplicity and generality 
in linguistic expression. For example, non-standardized colloquial 
descriptions such as “slight abdominal bloating” are normalized to 
“abdominal distension”; compound symptoms, such as “swelling in 
the neck and below the ear, ” are split into “neck swelling” and 
“subaural swelling. ” However, for entities that describe the nature of 
symptoms, to preserve the integrity of the symptom description, no 
splitting is performed, such as keeping “head distension and pain” 
as “head distension and pain. ”
For pathomechanism entities, standardization is conducted based 
on the Clinical Terminology of Traditional Chinese Medicine—Part 2: 
Syndrome and the 2017 Dictionary of Traditional Chinese Medicine. 
For therapeutic principle entities, normalization adheres to the 
Clinical Terminology of Traditional Chinese Medicine—Part 3: 
Therapeutic Methods, 2017 Dictionary of Traditional Chinese Medicine, 
Practical Dictionary of Traditional Chinese Medicine Terminology, and 
the Subject Headings of Chinese Medicine. For medication entities, 
standardization is conducted according to the Chinese Pharmacopoeia 
and the Compendium of Chinese Herbal Medicine.
1 https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/

=== PAGE 7 ===
Duan et al. 10.3389/fmed.2024.1512329
Frontiers in Medicine 07 frontiersin.org
TABLE 4 Prompt of symptom entity recognition.
System:
你的任务是提取出文本中的症状，用列表的格式列出，
若文本中无症状请输出“NaN”。以下是一些例子:
Input: 腰疽愈后，肾伤未复，风邪易乘虚而袭，身热形
寒，头脑胀痛眩晕，项背肩胛酸胀，脉浮而濡，舌干而
燥。
Output: [‘身热形寒’,  ‘头脑胀痛眩晕’,  ‘项背肩胛酸胀’,  ‘脉
浮而濡’,  ‘舌干而燥’]
Input: 再以宣湿除陈，以醒胃气，调理尚须从缓也。
Output: NaN
Input: 燥屎已下，郁热下行，颧红、唇绛、舌赤均已退
淡，芒刺亦软，惟午后稍觉烦躁，入夜犹欠清爽。
Output: [‘惟午后稍觉烦躁’,  ‘入夜犹欠清爽’]
Human:
使用给出的格式提取以下文本中的信息。
Input: {中医医案}
Output:
System:
Y our task is to extract symptoms from the text and list them in a format like a list. If there are no symptoms, 
output ‘NaN’ . Here are some examples:
Input: After recovering from a lumbar abscess, kidney injury remains unresolved, making it easy for wind 
pathogens to take advantage of the deficiency. The patient experiences body heat with aversion to cold, head 
distention with dizziness, aching and distension in the nape and scapula, a floating and soft pulse, and a dry 
and parched tongue.
Output: [‘Body heat with aversion to cold’ , ‘Head distention with dizziness’ , ‘ Aching and distension in the nape 
and scapula’ , ‘Floating and soft pulse’ , ‘Dry and parched tongue’]
Input: Followed by dispelling dampness and eliminating stagnation to awaken stomach qi, the treatment needs 
to be adjusted slowly.
Output: NaN
Input: Dry stools have been passed, the heat has descended, and the red cheeks, crimson lips, and red tongue 
have faded. The prickles on the tongue have softened, but the patient still feels some restlessness in the 
afternoon and is not entirely comfortable at night.
Output: [‘Restlessness in the afternoon’ , ‘Not entirely comfortable at night’]
Human:
Extract information from the following text using the given format.
Input: {TCM medical case}
Output:
FIGURE 3
Process flow diagram for standardizing different entities. Given the diversity and complexity of symptom descriptions, symptom entities are subjected 
to initial processing by a large-scale model, followed by subsequent manual verification based on standards issued by recognized organizations. The 
entities pertaining to pathogenesis, treatment principles, and medication are standardized directly according to the regulations published by these 
recognized bodies.

=== PAGE 8 ===
Duan et al. 10.3389/fmed.2024.1512329
Frontiers in Medicine 08 frontiersin.org
3.2.5 Data storage and visualization
This study presents the knowledge of TCM medical cases in the 
form of a knowledge graph, using triples ( ) [ ]{ }, , | 1,iiihrt i N ∈  to define 
knowledge, where each ( ),,iiihrt  corresponds to a head entity, a 
relationship, and a tail entity. 𝑁 denotes the quantity of triples in the 
knowledge graph. Given a knowledge graph, the triples within the 
graph can be encoded into Equation 1.
 [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ]111 2 2 2, ,,, , , , , , , , , , NNNS s hrt e h r t e h r t e= …  (1)
The Neo4j graph database (31), due to its adaptive data model, 
highly efficient query performance, and facilitated scalability and 
integration, has become a widely used graph database for constructing 
knowledge graphs. This study utilizes the Neo4j graph database to 
store and visualize the knowledge graph, leveraging the Py2neo 
library2 to create Cypher queries for building the graph. A partial view 
of the developed knowledge graph is presented in Figure 4 .
In the graph, the nodes depict the entities within the triples, while 
the edges illustrate the relationships in the triples. A relationship 
between two nodes is represented by an edge directed from one node 
to the other, with the edge’ s direction indicating a relationship from 
the subject to the object.
3.3 Methods for constructing a QA system
Drawing upon the constructed knowledge graph, the integration 
of LLMs with the knowledge graph seeks to facilitate natural language 
queries for the TCM case knowledge graph. The method for 
constructing the question-answering system consists of four primary 
steps: entity extraction, Cypher query generation, node querying, and 
response generation. The flowchart depicting the construction of the 
question-answering system is presented in Figure 5 .
Utilizing the Langchain library3 and interfacing with the GPT-3.5-
Turbo API, the connection between the LLM and the knowledge 
graph is established, allowing the language model to interpret the 
structure and content of the knowledge graph.
3.3.1 Extracting entities
When a user submits a query to a LLM, the model employs its 
natural language processing capabilities to analyze the query and 
identify key entities within it, such as diseases, symptoms, or 
traditional Chinese medicine. The purpose of this step is to accurately 
understand the user’s question, which acts as the foundation for 
subsequent query processes.
3.3.2 Generating cypher statements
Based on the extracted entities, relevant Cypher queries are 
generated by the LLM. Due to the inherent instability in the results 
generated by the LLM, a consistent structure is employed to ensure 
the accuracy of the generated Cypher queries. The model populates 
2 http://py2neo.org/
3 https://www.langchain.com/
the extracted entities within the predefined structure to produce the 
Cypher queries.
3.3.3 Querying nodes
The generated Cypher queries are then sent to the knowledge 
graph for execution, returning the entity nodes pertinent to the user’s 
query, along with the relationships between these entities.
3.3.4 Generating answers
Based on the results returned from the knowledge graph, the 
system formulates a response to be  presented to the user. This 
procedure ensures the precision and pertinence of the response, as 
illustrated in Figure 6 .
4 Results
To evaluate the capabilities of named entity recognition (NER) 
among various LLMs in the context of constructing knowledge graphs 
and their performance in response generation through integration 
with knowledge graphs, a comparative experiment was conducted on 
five representative models: GPT-3.5-Turbo, GLM-3-Turbo, Qwen-
Turbo, Spark3.5 Max, and Moonshot-V1-8K. We  utilized APIs to 
interact with these models, enabling efficient testing and comparison 
of their functionalities.
As part of OpenAI’s GPT series, GPT-3.5-Turbo is noted for its 
robust text generation and comprehension capabilities, where robust 
text generation refers to the model’s ability to generate text that is 
coherent, contextually relevant, and grammatically accurate across a 
broad range of topics. This strength allows it to excel in various 
natural language processing tasks. This model has demonstrated 
strong performance in understanding complex inputs and generating 
meaningful outputs. Qwen-Turbo not only demonstrates excellence 
in text generation but also exhibits strong proficiency in integrating 
structured knowledge. GLM-3-Turbo has been specifically optimized 
for Chinese-language environments, making it particularly skilled at 
understanding and generating Chinese text. Spark3.5 Max 
demonstrates exceptional performance in downstream tasks that 
require a profound understanding and application of extensive 
background knowledge. Finally, Moonshot-V1-8K is noted for its 
high level of innovation and is particularly proficient in handling 
long-sequence texts.
4.1 Evaluation of named entity recognition
In Named Entity Recognition (NER) tasks, key metrics for 
evaluating model performance include precision, recall, and the 
F1 score.
Precision represents the ratio of correctly identified entities to the 
total entities predicted by the model, as detailed in Equation 2.
 
TPPrecision TP FP= +  
(2)
Recall assesses the ratio of correctly identified entities 
compared to all actual entities in the dataset, as outlined in 
Equation 3.

=== PAGE 9 ===
Duan et al. 10.3389/fmed.2024.1512329
Frontiers in Medicine 09 frontiersin.org
 
TPRecall TP FN= +  
(3)
The F1 score is a widely used statistical metric for assessing the 
performance of binary classification models. It is calculated as the 
harmonic mean of precision and recall, as shown in Equation 4.
 
12 Precision RecallF Precision Recall
×= × +  
(4)
TP (True Positive) refers to the number of entities accurately 
identified by the model. FP (False Positive) refers to instances where 
the model incorrectly classifies non-entities as entities. FN  (False 
Negative) denotes the number of actual entities that the model fails 
to accurately identify.
All models were assessed on the same test set, which was 
randomly selected from the Medical Cases of Wang Zhongqi. The test 
set contains 200 annotated sentences, covering entity types such as 
symptoms, pathogenesis, and treatment principles.
The evaluation results are summarized in Table 5.
The evaluation results indicate that the GLM-3-Turbo model 
exhibited exceptional overall performance, with the highest precision, 
recall, and F1 scores, which were 0.9462, 0.9778, and 0.9617, respectively. 
This suggests that the model not only accurately identifies entities but 
also efficiently minimizes false positives. Although the GPT-3.5-Turbo 
model performed well in terms of recall, its precision was comparatively 
low, resulting in an F1 score of merely 0.6287. This implies that while 
the model can recognize most entities, it also has a considerable false 
positive rate. Both the Spark3.5 Max and Qwen-Turbo models exhibited 
satisfactory recall, but their precision was notably lower, indicating that 
FIGURE 4
Visualization of the Medical Cases of Wang Zhongqi Knowledge Graph. In this figure, the purple nodes represent disease names, yellow nodes 
represent symptoms, blue nodes represent pathogenesis, red nodes represent treatment principles, and green nodes represent medications. The 
relationships between these entities are indicated as follows: disease names are connected to symptoms by the “BelongsTo” relationship, symptoms 
are connected to treatment principles by the “Applies” relationship, symptoms are linked to pathogenesis by the “Causes” relationship, treatment 
principles are connected to medications by the “Recommends” relationship, pathogenesis is connected to treatment principles by the “Follows” 
relationship, medications are linked to symptoms by the “Treats” relationship, and medications are also connected to pathogenesis by the “Treats” 
relationship.
FIGURE 5
Q&A system construction flowchart. After the user has submitted a question, a large language model is invoked to perform extractive entity 
recognition and generate Cypher statements. This process queries the nodes in the knowledge graph, and based on the information retrieved from the 
knowledge graph, an answer is generated.

=== PAGE 10 ===
Duan et al. 10.3389/fmed.2024.1512329
Frontiers in Medicine 10 frontiersin.org
these models have some capability in entity detection but still necessitate 
improvement in minimizing false positives. The Moonshot-V1-8K 
model achieved a favorable balance between precision and recall, 
resulting in a comparatively high F1 score.
Among all the evaluated models, the GLM-3-Turbo model 
exhibited the highest overall performance and was therefore chosen 
for constructing the TCM case knowledge graph.
4.2 Evaluation of generated responses
The question-answering system that integrates LLMs with 
knowledge graphs can be  viewed as a Retrieval-Augmented 
Generation (RAG) process, where the knowledge graph serves as an 
external database. Therefore, the RAGAS framework is chosen for 
evaluation, aiming to objectively assess the system’s information 
retrieval and generation capabilities.
RAGAS (32) is an automated evaluation framework for RAG 
processes, which assesses the effectiveness of RAG by analyzing the 
correlation among the three key elements: the input query, the 
retrieved context, and the response generated by the LLM. Its 
evaluation metrics include faithfulness, answer relevance, and context 
recall, as illustrated in Figure 7 .
Faithfulness measures whether the answer is based on the 
provided context. First, a set of statements ( )( )Saq  is extracted 
using a LLM, which then assesses whether each statement is  can 
be deduced from ( )cq . The final faithfulness score F  is calculated 
as shown in Equation 5 , where V  represents the number of 
statements supported by the LLM, and S  represents the total 
number of statements.
 
VF S=
 
(5)
Answer relevance is an indicator of the correspondence between 
the generated answer and the query. The LLM generates n potential 
questions iq  based on the given answer, and for each question iq , it 
computes the similarity ( ), isim q q  to the original query q through 
cosine similarity of the embeddings. The answer relevance score AR 
for the question q is calculated as shown in Equation 6.
FIGURE 6
The query process and responses of the question-answering system. Upon receiving the user’s query, the system first extracts entities related to 
Traditional Chinese Medicine from the question. The system then inserts these extracted entities into a pre-defined Cypher query template and uses 
the populated Cypher query to search for these entities, their related entities, and their interrelationships within the knowledge graph. Finally, based on 
the retrieved data, the system generates and provides a response to the user’s query.
TABLE 5 Named entity recognition evaluation results.
Precision Recall F1 scores
GPT-3.5-Turbo 0.4834 0.8989 0.6287
GLM-3-Turbo 0.9462 0.9778 0.9617
Spark3.5 Max 0.8173 0.9200 0.7892
Qwen-Turbo 0.6335 0.8883 0.7395
Moonshot-V1-8 K 0.9086 0.8833 0.8958
Bold values indicate superior performance.

=== PAGE 11 ===
Duan et al. 10.3389/fmed.2024.1512329
Frontiers in Medicine 11 frontiersin.org
 
( )
1
1 ,
n
i
i
AR sim q qn =
= ∑
 
(6)
Context recall measures the degree of consistency between the 
retrieved context and the annotated answer. The formulation is 
presented in Equation 7.
 
Ground truth sentences that can be attributed 
to contextcontext recall Number of sentences in Ground 
truth sentences
=
 (7)
To comprehensively evaluate the performance of the TCM case-
based question-answering system, 20 evaluation questions were 
designed, covering core dimensions such as diseases, symptoms, 
pathogenesis, treatment principles, and medication. The evaluation 
questions, retrieved contexts, responses generated by the question-
answering system, and the correct answers to the evaluation questions 
were compiled into a CSV file to construct the evaluation dataset. The 
composition of this dataset is shown in Table 6.
The evaluation results of RAGAS are presented in Table 7.
The evaluation results indicate that the GPT-3.5-Turbo model 
achieved the highest scores in three dimensions: fidelity, answer 
relevance, and context recall, with scores of 0.9375, 0.9686, and 0.9500, 
respectively. This suggests its outstanding performance in terms of the 
accuracy and relevance of generated answers, as well as its ability to 
effectively integrate contextual information. The GLM-3-Turbo model 
exhibited balanced performance, with context recall comparable to 
that of GPT-3.5-Turbo. Spark3.5 Max excelled in answer relevance but 
exhibited lower fidelity. Qwen-Turbo demonstrated suboptimal 
performance in both answer relevance and fidelity metrics. The overall 
performance of the Moonshot-V1-8K model was considered moderate.
The GPT-3.5-Turbo model exhibited significant advantages in the 
RAGAS evaluation; thus, it was selected for integrating LLMs with 
knowledge graphs and generating responses.
In summary, the integration of LLMs with knowledge graphs in 
the TCM case system demonstrated superior performance in terms of 
answer accuracy, question-answer relevance, and context application, 
enabling efficient and accurate querying of the TCM case 
knowledge graph.
4.3 Manual evaluation
To validate the safety, accuracy, and professionalism of the 
question-answering system, this study employed the SUS ( 15) 
(Safety, Usability, Smoothness) evaluation method. A comparative 
evaluation will be conducted between a question-answering system 
integrated with LLM and knowledge graphs, and a LLM without 
RAG technology. The SUS evaluation method consists of three 
dimensions: safety, usability, and smoothness. Safety evaluates 
whether the model-generated content could mislead users and pose 
potential health risks; usability assesses whether the content meets 
professional knowledge requirements; smoothness examines the 
response stability and naturalness of the model. SUS employs a 
three-point scoring system, with scores ranging from 1 
(unacceptable) to 3 (good), where 2 indicates acceptable 
performance. To evaluate the model’s performance, five evaluators 
with backgrounds in traditional Chinese medicine were invited to 
score 20 randomly selected diagnostic questions related to 
traditional Chinese medicine. The evaluators analyzed the LLMs’ 
responses to determine whether they posed a health risk to users, 
whether they demonstrated professional Chinese medicine 
knowledge, and whether they were suitable for public use. Based on 
the three dimensions of the SUS evaluation, the model’s question-
answering performance was analyzed and scored in terms of safety, 
usability, and smoothness. Table 8  presents the evaluation results.
According to the SUS evaluation results, our Q&A system 
performed excellently in all dimensions, especially excelling in safety 
and usability, fully demonstrating its reliability and professionalism in 
providing traditional Chinese medicine health consultation services 
to users. Specifically, the system excels in safety and usability, 
effectively preventing the generation of erroneous or misleading 
health advice, ensuring that users are not exposed to potential medical 
FIGURE 7
RAGAS evaluation framework. It evaluates the effectiveness of RAG 
by measuring the relevance between the query, answer, and relevant 
context.
TABLE 6 Evaluate dataset structure.
Definition
Question An evaluative query posed for assessment purposes.
Answer The response generated by the question-and-answer 
system.
Contexts Contextual information retrieved from the knowledge 
graph.
Ground truths The correct answers corresponding to the evaluative 
queries.
TABLE 7 RAGAS evaluation results.
Faithfulness Answer 
relevance
Context 
recall
GPT-3.5-Turbo 0.9375 0.9686 0.9500
GLM-3-Turbo 0.8289 0.9036 0.9083
Spark3.5 Max 0.6066 0.9477 0.9344
Qwen-Turbo 0.5687 0.8099 0.9474
Moonshot-V1-8K 0.7708 0.9235 0.9357
Bold values indicate superior performance.

=== PAGE 12 ===
Duan et al. 10.3389/fmed.2024.1512329
Frontiers in Medicine 12 frontiersin.org
risks. This is something traditional LLMs (e.g., GPT-3.5-Turbo and 
GLM-3-Turbo) cannot achieve, as these models typically lack 
specialized knowledge in the field of traditional Chinese medicine and 
are prone to generating inaccurate answers in this area.
Although other existing LLMs perform excellently in smoothness, 
generating relatively natural and coherent language, they still have 
significant room for improvement in terms of safety and usability. This 
is because the answers from these general-purpose LLMs may lack 
specialized knowledge in traditional Chinese medicine, leading them 
to fail in providing sufficiently accurate or personalized answers when 
faced with Chinese medicine diagnostic and treatment issues. 
Moreover, since they do not integrate the knowledge graph of 
traditional Chinese medicine case studies, they may struggle to access 
the clinical experience of real-world Chinese medicine practitioners, 
thus affecting the professionalism of the Q&A.
In contrast, our system combines LLMs with a knowledge graph, 
particularly in utilizing the Chinese medicine case knowledge graph 
to enhance the model’s professionalism. The knowledge graph 
supplements the language model’s lack of depth in knowledge, and by 
using the relationships between symptoms, disease names, treatment 
principles, pathogenesis, and medications in Chinese medicine case 
studies, it significantly enhances the accuracy and professionalism of 
the system’s responses, avoiding misleading answers that may arise 
from general LLMs when addressing professional medical issues.
Overall, the traditional Chinese medicine case-based Q&A 
system, based on LLMs and knowledge graphs, provides outstanding 
performance in terms of security, professionalism, and fluency, 
significantly outperforming traditional Q&A systems that rely solely 
on LLMs, and has enormous potential for application.
5 Discussion
This study utilizes the Medical Cases of Wang Zhongqi as its data 
source, incorporating a total of 679 cases involving 41 distinct 
diseases. The research employs LLMs (LLMs) to automatically extract 
entities from the medical cases, followed by subsequent manual 
normalization to construct a knowledge graph for TCM cases. By 
integrating the capabilities of LLMs with the knowledge graph, the 
study developed a question-answering system for TCM medical cases, 
successfully enabling natural language queries within the knowledge 
graph of TCM medical cases. Throughout the research, the natural 
language understanding and generation capabilities of LLMs, along 
with the structured representation benefits of knowledge graphs, were 
fully utilized, offering a novel approach and tool for modern TCM 
medical case research.
According to the evaluation conducted using the RAGAS 
assessment framework, the question-answering system integrating 
LLMs and knowledge graphs achieved scores of 0.9375 in faithfulness, 
0.9686 in answer relevance, and 0.9500 in contextual recall, validating 
the potential and value of the combination of LLMs with knowledge 
graphs to advance TCM medical case research.
Based on the comprehensive SUS evaluation results, our QA 
system demonstrates outstanding performance in terms of safety, 
usability, and smoothness, significantly outperforming other existing 
QA systems. This demonstrates that the integration of LLMs and 
knowledge graphs in a TCM medical case-based QA system exhibits 
remarkable reliability, professionalism, and natural fluency when 
answering TCM-related questions based on medical case content, 
highlighting its substantial potential for application.
This paper evaluates the performance of LLMs in automatic 
Named Entity Recognition (NER) tasks. The results indicate that the 
number of false positives (FP) exceeds that of false negatives (FN) in 
most LLMs, suggesting that the model’s recall rate typically surpasses 
its precision. This phenomenon highlights the unique challenges 
encountered by Named Entity Recognition in the field of Traditional 
Chinese Medicine (TCM). The polysemy and specialized nature of 
TCM terminology are primary factors influencing the accuracy of 
entity recognition. The same term may have different meanings in 
various contexts, complicating the entity recognition task. Moreover, 
TCM-related concepts, such as the names of formulas and herbal 
ingredients, may not be adequately represented in the training data of 
LLMs. Although these models can identify common medical terms, 
their accuracy in recognizing TCM-specific terms and symptoms 
remains limited. Furthermore, certain traditional expressions in TCM 
theory, particularly those derived from Classical Chinese, may 
contribute to an increased number of false positives in the models. 
This phenomenon primarily arises from the insufficient TCM-specific 
data available during the training of LLMs. To address this issue, 
future research could tailor the training of LLMs, particularly by fine-
tuning them using TCM literature, case studies, and formula data, to 
enhance the accuracy of entity recognition in TCM, reduce false 
positives, and improve precision.
In practical applications of question-answering systems, retrieval 
failures are occasionally observed, where user queries fail to return 
relevant case studies or knowledge. Analysis reveals that a significant 
cause of retrieval failures is the inability to recognize entities in user 
queries. When the system fails to accurately recognize TCM terms in 
the query, it cannot extract relevant information from the knowledge 
base, resulting in empty or inaccurate retrieval results. The root cause 
of this issue lies in the limited content from the TCM field within the 
training data of current LLMs. Most LLM training datasets are biased 
toward modern medicine and other fields, with insufficient support 
for TCM-specific symptoms, diseases, and treatments. The 
performance of LLMs is particularly weak when addressing obscure 
or complex TCM symptoms. To enhance retrieval accuracy, future 
research could consider fine-tuning LLMs with TCM literature, 
classical case studies, herbal materials, and formula data to improve 
their precision in TCM entity recognition.
In conclusion, this study introduces a novel approach and tool for 
TCM case research by leveraging LLMs to assist in the construction 
of a knowledge graph for TCM cases and the development of a 
question-answering system, yielding significant research outcomes. 
With ongoing technological advancements and the expansion of 
TABLE 8 SUS evaluation results.
Safety Usability Smoothness
GPT-3.5-Turbo 1.64 1.57 2.2
GLM-3-Turbo 1.57 1.56 2.13
Spark3.5 Max 1.67 1.65 2.21
Qwen-Turbo 1.74 1.67 2.17
Moonshot-V1-8K 1.67 1.55 2.17
Our QA system 2.868 2.848 2.98
Bold values indicate superior performance.

=== PAGE 13 ===
Duan et al. 10.3389/fmed.2024.1512329
Frontiers in Medicine 13 frontiersin.org
application scenarios, the integration of LLMs and knowledge graphs 
is expected to play an increasingly important role in TCM case 
research, accelerating the exploration of TCM diagnostic and 
treatment practices.
Due to the variations in diagnostic approaches among various 
TCM practitioners, the current QA system is primarily based on the 
Medical Cases of Wang Zhongqi . Future work could consider 
incorporating medical cases from diverse periods and regions to 
enrich the content and enhance the representativeness of the TCM 
knowledge graph. Additionally, future efforts will focus on enhancing 
the intelligence of the QA system and exploring interdisciplinary 
research and applications. By leveraging the advancements in LLMs, 
the intelligence of the QA system can be enhanced, enabling it to 
better understand user needs and provide more accurate responses. 
This will provide more comprehensive support for clinical diagnosis 
and treatment.
Data availability statement
The datasets presented in this study can be  found in online 
repositories. The names of the repository/repositories and accession 
number(s) can be  found at: https://github.com/Icheo/TCM-KG- 
LLM-QASystem.
Author contributions
YD: Conceptualization, Investigation, Methodology, Writing – 
original draft, Data curation, Validation, Visualization. QZ: 
Investigation, Writing – review & editing. YL: Data curation, Writing 
– review & editing. CQ: Visualization, Writing – review & editing. 
ZW: Validation, Writing – review & editing. HK: Supervision, Writing 
– review & editing. JH: Conceptualization, Supervision, Writing – 
review & editing.
Funding
The author(s) declare that financial support was received for the 
research, authorship, and/or publication of this article. This work was 
supported by Key Projects of University Scientific Research Plan in 
Anhui Province (Grant no. 2024AH050917), the University Synergy 
Innovation Program of Anhui Province (Grant no. GXXT-2023-071), 
and the Open Fund of High-level Key Discipline of Basic Theory of 
TCM of the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine, 
Anhui University of Chinese Medicine (ZYJCLLZD-07).
Acknowledgments
Yuchen Duan sincerely express my gratitude to all participants for 
their valuable contributions, which significantly enhanced the success 
of this study. I am particularly appreciative to my mentor, JH, for 
providing valuable guidance and steadfast support, which were crucial 
throughout the research process. Furthermore, I  sincerely 
acknowledge the funding organization for their substantial financial 
assistance, which was essential in completing this research. The 
collaborative efforts of these individuals and institutions have 
undoubtedly enhanced the outcomes of this academic work.
Conflict of interest
The authors declare that the research was conducted in the 
absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could 
be construed as a potential conflict of interest.
Generative AI statement
The author(s) declare that no Gen AI was used in the creation of 
this manuscript.
Publisher’s note
All claims expressed in this article are solely those of the authors 
and do not necessarily represent those of their affiliated organizations, 
or those of the publisher, the editors and the reviewers. Any product 
that may be evaluated in this article, or claim that may be made by its 
manufacturer, is not guaranteed or endorsed by the publisher.
References
 1. Hu W , Xie X, Wang K, Jia A, Bai C. The effect and study methods of medical 
records on the cultivation of clinical thinking ability of traditional Chinese 
medicine. Chin Med Modern Dist Educ China . (2023) 21:4–6. doi: 10.3969/j.
issn.1672-2779.2023.23.002
 2. Brown TB, Mann B, Ryder N, Subbiah M, Kaplan J, Dhariwal P , et al. Language 
models are few-shot learners. arXiv. (2020). doi: 10.48550/arXiv.2005.14165
 3. Zou X. A survey on application of knowledge graph. J Phys Conf Ser . (2020) 
1487:012016. doi: 10.1088/1742-6596/1487/1/012016
 4. Lewis P , Perez E, Piktus A, Petroni F , Karpukhin V , Goyal N, et al. Retrieval-
augmented generation for knowledge-intensive NLP tasks. arXiv. (2021). doi: 10.48550/
arXiv.2005.11401
 5. Chen J, Y ang F , Ren Q, Li Y , Hou J, Xing C, et al. Exploration of the research path of 
stroke ancient medical records based on knowledge element theory and knowledge graph. 
J Basic Chin Med. (2024) 30:792–8. doi: 10.19945/j.cnki.issn.1006-3250.2024.05.015
 6. Wang Q, Dai G, Guan H, Gao W . Construction and application of clinical experience 
knowledge graph for renowned TCM doctors in treating coronary heart disease. Chin J 
Inform Tradit Chin Med. (2024) 31:64–70. doi: 10.19879/j.cnki.1005-5304.202303447
 7. Y ang R, Y e Q, Cheng C, Zhang S, Lan Y , Zou J. Decision-making system for the 
diagnosis of syndrome based on traditional Chinese medicine knowledge graph. 
Evid Based Complement Alternat Med . (2022) 2022:1–9. doi: 10.1155/2022/  
8693937
 8. Zhang D, Jia Q, Y ang S, Han X, Xu C, Liu X, et al. Traditional Chinese medicine 
automated diagnosis based on knowledge graph reasoning. Comp Materials Continua. 
(2022) 71:159–70. doi: 10.32604/cmc.2022.017295
 9. Zhao X, Wang Y , Li P , Xu J, Sun Y , Qiu M, et al. The construction of a TCM 
knowledge graph and application of potential knowledge discovery in diabetic kidney 
disease by integrating diagnosis and treatment guidelines and real-world clinical data. 
Front Pharmacol. (2023) 14:1147677. doi: 10.3389/fphar.2023.1147677
 10. Li Y , Huang S, Qi J, Quan L, Han D, Luan Z. Exploring the comprehension of 
ChatGPT in traditional Chinese medicine knowledge. arXiv. (2024). doi: 10.48550/
arXiv.2403.09164
 11. Kong Q, Chen L, Y ao J, Ding C, Yin P . Feasibility and challenges of interactive AI 
for traditional Chinese medicine: an example of ChatGPT. Chin Med Cult . (2024) 
7:174–81. doi: 10.1097/MC9.0000000000000103

=== PAGE 14 ===
Duan et al. 10.3389/fmed.2024.1512329
Frontiers in Medicine 14 frontiersin.org
 12. Li P , Y ang X, Bai Y , Li H. Study on named entity extraction in TCM medical 
records based on large language models. Chin J Lib Inform Sci Tradit Chin Med. (2024) 
48:108–13. doi: 10.3969/j.issn.2095-5707.202401008
 13. Y ang T, Wang X, Zhu Y , Hu K, Zhu X. Research ideas and methods of intelligent 
diagnosis and treatment of traditional Chinese medicine driven by large language 
model. J Nanjing Univ Tradit Chin Med . (2023) 39:967–71. doi: 10.14148/j.
issn.1672-0482.2023.0967
 14. Zhang Y , Hao Y . Traditional Chinese medicine knowledge graph construction based 
on large language models. Electronics. (2024) 13:1395. doi: 10.3390/electronics13071395
 15. Wang H, Liu C, Xi N, Qiang Z, Zhao S, Qin B, et al. (2023). Hua Tuo: Tuning 
LLaMA Model with Chinese medical knowledge. arXiv. (2023). doi: 10.48550/
arXiv.2304.06975 
 16. Kang Y , Chang Y , Fu J, Wang Y , Wang H, Zhang W . (2023). CMLM-ZhongJing: 
Large Language Model is Good Story Listener. GitHub Repository. Available at: https://
github.com/pariskang/CMLM-ZhongJing (Accessed August 04, 2024).
 17. Zhang J, Y ang S. (2023). HuangDi: Research on the Construction of Generative 
Language Model for Traditional Chinese Medicine Ancient Books. Available at: https://
github.com/Zlasejd/HuangDi (Accessed August 04, 2024).
 18. Zhang Y , Li Y , Cui L, Cai D, Liu L, Fu T, et al. Siren’s song in the AI Ocean: a survey 
on hallucination in large language models. arXiv. (2023). doi: 10.48550/arXiv.2309.01219
 19. Guan X, Liu Y , Lin H, Lu Y , He B, Han X, et al. Mitigating large language model 
hallucinations via autonomous knowledge graph-based retrofitting. AAAI. (2024) 
38:18126–34. doi: 10.1609/aaai.v38i16.29770
 20. Sun J, Xu C, Tang L, Wang S, Lin C, Gong Y , et al. Think-on-graph: deep and 
responsible reasoning of large language model on knowledge graph. arXiv. (2024). doi: 
10.48550/arXiv.2307.07697
 21. Y ang L, Chen H, Li Z, Ding X, Wu X. Give us the facts: enhancing large language 
models with knowledge graphs for fact-aware language modeling. IEEE Trans Knowl 
Data Eng. (2024) 36:3091–110. doi: 10.1109/TKDE.2024.3360454
 22. Quintero-Narvaez CE, Monroy R. (2024). “Integrating knowledge graph data with 
large language models for explainable inference. ” in Proceedings of the 17th ACM 
international conference on web search and data mining. WSDM’24. New Y ork, NY , USA: 
Association for Computing Machinery. pp. 1198–1199.
 23. Zhang H, Wang X, Han L, Li Z, Chen Z, Chen Z. Research on question answering 
system on joint of knowledge graph and large language models. Journal of Frontiers of 
computer. Sci Technol. (2023) 17:2377–88. doi: 10.3778/j.issn.1673-9418.2308070
 24. Huang J, Wang Y , Hou Z, Liu H, Dong Z. Application of knowledge graph 
Technology in Traditional Chinese Medicine Research. Modern Chin Med . (2024) 
26:1–17. doi: 10.13313/j.issn.1673-4890.20240228002
 25. Wang Z. The first volume of the Xin’an medical book series, medical cases and 
talks - medical cases of Wang Zhongqi. Hefei: Anhui Science & Technology Publishing 
House (1992). 440 p.
 26. Tao Y , Chen Y , Shao L, Liu X, Zhai S, Wang W . Construction and application of 
knowledge graph of traditional Chinese medicine. Beijing J Tradit Chin Med. (2022) 
41:1387–92. doi: 10.16025/j.1674-1307.2022.12.015
 27. Institute of Information on Traditional Chinese Medicine, China National Institute 
of Standardization (2020). Health informatics—semantic network framework of 
traditional Chinese medicine language system.
 28. Rajabi E, Kafaie S. Building a disease knowledge graph. Stud Health Technol 
Inform. (2023) 302:701–5. doi: 10.3233/SHTI230243
 29. Du Z, Qian Y , Liu X, Ding M, Qiu J, Y ang Z, et al. (2022). “GLM: general language 
model Pretraining with autoregressive blank infilling. ” in Proceedings of the 60th annual 
meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (volume 1: Long papers). p. 320–335.
 30. Chaaben MB, Burgueño L, Sahraoui H. (2023). “Towards using few-shot prompt 
learning for automating model completion. ” in 2023 IEEE/ACM 45th international 
conference on software engineering: New ideas and emerging results (ICSE-NIER). p. 7–12.
 31. Fernandes D, Bernardino J. (2018). “Graph databases comparison: AllegroGraph, 
ArangoDB, InfiniteGraph, Neo4J, and OrientDB. ” in Proceedings of the 7th international 
conference on data science, technology and applications. DATA 2018. Setubal, PRT: 
SCITEPRESS - Science and Technology Publications, Lda. p. 373–380
 32. Es S, James J, Espinosa-Anke L, Schockaert S. RAGAS: automated evaluation of 
retrieval augmented generation. arXiv. (2023). doi: 10.48550/arXiv.2309.15217